Document push-subqueries-to-dbserver rule (#435)
arangodb/docs: 3.7/aql/execution-and-performance-optimizer.md

  other nodes of type *ScatterNode*, *GatherNode* or *DistributeNode* present
  in the query.

- `push-subqueries-to-dbserver` _(Enterprise Edition only)_:
  will appear if a subquery is determined to be executable entirely on a database
  server.

>   Currently a subquery can be executed on a dbserver if it contains exactly one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Currently a subquery can be executed on a DB-Server if it contains exactly one
```
